feat: Add fact #9. (#13)
octopusthink/funfactsaboutoctopus.es: src/content/facts/09-cannibalism.md

---
title: Sex sometimes turns into cannibalism.
source: BBC Earth
sourceUrl: http://www.bbc.com/earth/story/20150223-mysteries-of-cannibal-octopus-sex
image: /images/valvos.jpg
imageSource: https://www.oldbookillustrations.com/illustrations/valvos/
---

> Octopus sex, as you might anticipate from a creature with too many arms, is a bit of an odd proposition. For male octopuses, it's also quite a dangerous one.

Reviewer: > too many arms

Maybe "so many" or "that many" instead? I don't want to knock them just because they have so many arms!

```suggestion
Octopus sex, as you might anticipate from a creature with that many arms, is a bit of an odd proposition. For male octopuses, it's also quite a dangerous one.
```

Author: I've done some copyediting; let me know if this reads better now:

<img width="512" alt="Screenshot 2019-11-08 at 16 34 13" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/376315/68494116-bface700-0245-11ea-9575-2f0eb0b1f838.png">

> Since female octopuses are often larger—and most octopuses are decidedly anti-social—there's always a chance that his lady partner will get bored and/or hungry mid-coitus, switching gears from "romance" to "having a delightful octopus snack."

Reviewer: I liked the earlier version but there's parts of this that're better. I might split the difference a bit:

```suggestion
Since female octopuses are often larger—and most octopuses are decidedly anti-social—there's always a chance that his lady partner will get bored and/or hungry mid-coitus, give up on the romance, and start snacking away.
```

will get bored and/or hungry, give up on the romance, and instead snack on her lover.

Author: Good improvement!
